Filter Method:

1. Write a function that filters out all even numbers from an array.
2. Given an array of strings, filter out the strings that contain more than 5 characters.
3. Filter out all objects in an array that do not have a specific property.
4. Write a function to filter out all the prime numbers from an array.
5. Filter out all strings in an array that start with a specific letter.

Map Method:
6. Use .map to convert an array of numbers to their squares.
7. Given an array of strings, use .map to convert all strings to uppercase.
8. Use .map to extract a specific property from an array of objects.
9. Convert an array of strings to an array of their lengths using .map.
10. Use .map to add a new property to each object in an array of objects.

Reduce Method:
11. Use .reduce to sum all numbers in an array.
12. Use .reduce to flatten a nested array.
13. Write a function that uses .reduce to count the occurrences of each element in an array.
14. Use .reduce to find the maximum value in an array of numbers.
15. Write a function that uses .reduce to group objects by a property.

Splice Method:
16. Use .splice to remove the third element from an array.
17. Use .splice to replace the last element in an array with a new value.
18. Use .splice to insert a new element at the second position in an array.
19. Write a function that uses .splice to remove every second element from an array.
20. Use .splice to remove all elements from an array starting from a specific index.

For Loops:
21. Write a for loop to print all elements of an array.
22. Write a for loop to print all keys and values of an object.
23. Write a for loop to find the sum of all numbers in an array.
24. Write a nested for loop to find the Cartesian product of two arrays.
25. Use a for loop to reverse the elements of an array.

Ternary Operators:
26. Use a ternary operator to check if a number is positive, negative, or zero.
27. Use a ternary operator to return a default value if a variable is null or undefined.
28. Write a function that uses a ternary operator to determine if a number is even or odd.
29. Use a ternary operator to assign a grade based on a score.
30. Use a ternary operator to toggle a boolean value.

Array Methods (General):
31. Use .forEach to log each element of an array.
32. Use .find to find the first element in an array that meets a condition.
33. Use .every to check if all elements in an array are greater than a certain number.
34. Use .some to check if any element in an array is a string.
35. Use .sort to sort an array of numbers in ascending order.

String Methods:
36. Write a function to capitalize the first letter of each word in a string.
37. Use .split and .join to reverse the words in a sentence.
38. Write a function to check if a string is a palindrome.
39. Use .replace to replace all occurrences of a word in a string.
40. Use .includes to check if a string contains a specific substring.

Object Methods:
41. Write a function to clone an object using Object.assign.
42. Use Object.keys to get all keys of an object.
43. Use Object.values to get all values of an object.
44. Use Object.entries to convert an object to an array of key-value pairs.
45. Write a function to merge two objects.

Functional Programming:
46. Write a function that returns a new array with only unique values from the input array.
47. Write a function that composes two functions (function composition).
48. Write a function that curries another function (function currying).
49. Write a function that memoizes another function.
50. Write a function that creates a deep clone of an object using recursion.